# The Marriage Mission Statement - Why did we do this?
Our marriage began just as Mo's Masters in Business Administration ended. She had just graduated from college and was in the middle of her postgraduate internship. She had business plans on the brain. Just as businesses have a mission statement, she proposed, why shouldn't our marriage have one?

"A mission statement, really? What, no Profit and Loss?" I said sarcastically.

"Oh, we'll need that too, but first things first," she said without missing a beat.

At this point I realized I was over my head, but at least I was all in. And so, we sat down to develop a mission statement. Historically the idea of a mission statement has been associated with religious groups, guiding missionaries on their religious missions and more recently has guided corporations.

Using the definition of "mission statement" from Wikipedia, the source of all geek wisdom until it's edited by someone else, and we'll replace the word company or organization with marriage.

> A formal, short, written statement of the purpose of a marriage. The mission statement should guide the actions of the marriage, spell out its overall goal, provide a sense of direction, and guide decision-making. It provides "the framework or context within which the marriage's strategies are formulated."

Take a moment and drink that in, as Scott likes to say. That seems like a totally reasonable thing to do doesn't it? I mean, you agonize about your vows for weeks, why not take an evening and write a mission statement?

Here's ours, and while there's no reason one could revise and change their mission statement ours hasn't changed after all this time:

> We will strive to live a drama-free life.

When we say drama, we mean the kind of drama that goes spilling off the steps and into the front yard. We mean the kind of drama that your neighbors hear about. We mean loaning money to cousins drama, whispered rumors about relatives at Christmas parties drama, hiding money on unknown credit cards drama, who's that girl in that facebook picture drama, why is our credit card bill $500 more than it should be this month drama, why did you stay out until 1 AM drama, and seriously, can we just get a remote control that lets me watch TV drama.

We both decided that the root of what mattered to us as people was to a have happy life, healthy kids, avoid unnecessary conflict, and ideally, to die of old age holding hands. Well, Scott wants to be hit by an ice cream truck, but still, we have mostly shared goals.

A mission statement is something you can point at.
